The rusted wrought-iron sign above the rusted wrought-iron gate read “Harry Palmer the Chicken Farmer”.

Well I guess it’s mostly accurate. He more accurately farms eggs, but “egg farmer” gives the impression of some clueless weirdo attempting to grow eggs out in a field somewhere, or trying desperately to make eggs mate with one another, so “chicken farmer” it is. Chicken farmer is itself an odd career move 
Harry is my Dad, and this is the family farm he bought ten years ago. Before that, we ran a cheap motel, which was definitely a lot more work, and surprisingly messier. I’m ok with helping out here on the farm, but it’s definitely not where I want to be for the rest of my life. My older brother Ezekiel (or Zeke to most of us) is a lot more into it than I am, but I suspect, however, that Dad thinks my brother’s name doesn’t lend as well to the rhythm of the farm name. “Ezekiel Palmer the Chicken Farmer” just doesn’t sound as good as it would with "Mary Palmer". And so, thanks to my venerable two-syllable name, I am apparently the key to the farm's future.

Our farm, like all the others around, is cobbled together from various machinery and equipment that survived The Big War and some old-timey manual gear to fill in the gaps. On the front lawn sat a golf cart we'd been using until recently to jet around the farm at speed. Unfortunately, this golf cart houses a very particular sprocket somewhere in the engine that broke, which was, additionally, the last sprocket of that type in the world, as manufacturing and technology still haven't caught up since The Big War. In fact, Dad tells me that society in general hasn't recovered. In his time, there were apparently towns and cities with thousands upon thousands upon thousands of people in them, buildings that reached as high as the clouds, and so many cars around that they needed designated pedestrian crossings else it'd be impossible to cross a road without being squashed. So he tells me, anyway. 

I do my best to help out on the farm without actually being on the farm, so I’m the first to volunteer for pick-ups, deliveries, or anything else that requires working somewhere that smells a bit better than a warehouse full of chickens, or a house full of people who work night and day in a warehouse full of chickens.

On these trips, I also do my best to find a reason to go on horse instead of the truck. For one thing, this means the trips take a bit longer, allowing me to spend a greater deal on time not on the farm. Secondly, the truck, being used by career chicken farmers for chicken-farming purposes, is not in a fit state to be used by someone without an affinity for chicken farming. Or egg farming. Or whatever.

Thirdly, of course, is my oh-so-serious ambition to be a real cowboy. I'm still working on the name. In fact, I like to use slow, meandering horse rides to ponder such important questions. I've already decided I need to drop the "Palmer" part. It's too well-known, and I don't want people humming the stupid jingle when they hear my name. Current leading contenders include "Mary Ryder", "Mary du Boir" (which means "wood" in French, but who cares?) and "Three-Eyed Mary". I'm not sure where that last one even came from; my limited exposure to radiation has left me with a mere two eyes, but I nonetheless like the sound of it.

Zeke, while generally supportive of my dreams, has bastardised my front-runner with the monicker "Mary the Chicken Rider", based on a very early childhood incident where I was playing cowboy with some of the stock. Zeke hadn't even been there at the time, but, unfortunately, video evidence still exists of this incident, despite my best efforts.

And before you ask: yes, I do plan on being a female cowboy. Cowgirl, as I discovered only at the embarrassingly mature age of 17, has a much more common definition that doesn't really fit with the direction I plan on focusing my life. I can still hear Zeke squealing with laughter when I announced to the family my intentions of "going full cowgirl". Needless to say, I have continued to follow these aspirations with just a slight linguistic shift. Enough said. Let's move on.

Today's journey to town was to pick up some motor oil to replenish our supplies. We'd been going through a bit more than usual thanks to some less than ideal maintenance of our main tractor. 

I closed our rusted wrought-iron gate behind me and lifted myself up onto Roy's saddle. The sensibly-named Roy is our slowest moving and tiredest looking mount. He is most often found sleep-swaying in the back paddock or sauntering into town with me astride. Roy has been with us for years. He actually came with the farm when Dad bought it a good 10 years back, and he was old and slow then. Since then, he's only slowed further and slept longer.

"Chicken Rider!"

I turned around and saw Zeke coming towards me, in his weird walk-run hybrid thing he did when he was pretending he wasn't out of breath from running moments earlier. Zeke defintely wasn't very fit, and this was quite obvious from his physique. While not overly large, he definitely carried a bit of extra baggage. In addition to his body being generally poorly maintained, his brown hair resembled some kind of tangled mop head. His facial hair used to be a similar mess, but that coupled his his animalistic eating style lead to a revolting collection of food bits in his beard, so Dad and I have managed to talk him down to some light stubble, which Zeke kept styled in a patchy mess that resembled a worn out blanket. 

"Howdy, partner," I responded, casually and confidently as I pretended to be and most definitely wasn't good at.

"Dad asked if you can get some extra food while you're out."

He reached through the now-closed gate, extending a scribbled-on piece of paper, which I took.

"As long as there are no meat pies. You shouldn't be that puffed running to the front gate."

I don't know why I ever tried to get one up on Zeke in a game of wits. He would always beat me soundly, yet I found myself starting these little clashes with him all the time.

"Say, you wouldn't happen to know anything about film they're shooting out by the wind farm."

"Film? Someone's making a film ... here?" This was definitely not the direction I was expecting him to take. I saw a satisfied grin appear on his face. He knew he already had beaten me, and with his first jab.

"Cowboy film."

He left a long pause, probably to enjoy me suffering a little longer. My eye started to twitch.

He continued: "Anyway, that's probably not the sort of thing a responsible person like you would be in to. You'd know how much it'd annoy Dad if you were skirting your chores with something like that. Best to avoid that whole area at, say, seven-o-clock tomorrow morning." 

"Seven-o-clock tomorrow?" My voice awkwardly shook as I tried to maintain composure.

"Seven-o-clock tomorrow. Sal down at the general store knows more about it than I do. His cousin's the one what's brought them all here."

"Sal at the general store," now just making audible mental notes for myself.

"Don't forget the meat pies."


The farms around ours were all pretty similar, granted they didn't deal with chickens as much as we did. The main way ours stood out was that our house was an old concrete bunker that we'd repurposed, along with some wooden planks to patch up the ... well ... bullet holes and the like. All the other buildings around were made from wood and, and some with questionably engineering prowess. You could usually pick these ones, as they'd have obvious patch work made from all different shades of wood. The most extreme case was at Spencer's wheat farm across the other side of town, whose house sat atop a small hill and had started to slowly slide down one side of it. He has had to build extensions to the legs on one side of his dining table so he could eat without his plate sliding of.

The trail into town passed by another farm, one belonging to Chip Mulaney, an angry old war hero with an intense stare and an old-fashioned belief that women had no place outside of the kitchen. Chip had decided he was too old for farming, and instead chose to simply rent out his land to whoever offered. These days, he spent most of his time working on his small yacht, which sat upon wooden stands in his yard. Considering the landscape of mostly dirt and sand as far as the eye could see in every direction, the boat stood out as particularly odd. I'm not even sure where the nearest body of water even was where he could sail it, but definitely further than I'd ever been. Come to think of it, I don't even know how that boat got here.

As usual, he was just casually sanding away at his yacht. I would see him sanding it so often I wasn't sure how there was even any boat left. His shoulders were hunched in what seemed like the perfect way for him to carry out his sanding without needing to reach up or down, and have a look as though he'd been standing there, sanding away, for his entire existence. His hands, and skin in general, was weathered and rough. There wasn't a lot of skin to see, too, as he would always wear long pants and long sleeves, which was unusual but not unheard of in this sort of desert heat, though he did have the odd distinction of wearing a collared dress shirt, even when he was working on his boat. His hair was grey and cut quite short all over and was always exactly the same. It never seemed to grow, to which Zeke had developed a theory that he sands his hair as well as his boat to keep it at length. 

As I passed along the main road, Chip stared on, as usual, likely internally disapproving of a girl riding a horse. While I normally struggle to muster up the confidence required for confrontation, I made a special exception for Chip and his backward-thinking ways.

"Don't worry, Chip. Just heading into town to pick up food for the men of the house."

Chip slowed his sanding as he stared at me, his disapproving gaze intensifying, but he said nothing, and I continued on my merry way into town.
