[CW] You wake up in your cabin on a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean. You find that everyone on the ship is gone, including the captain, and the ship has stopped moving. You aren't qualified to navigate the ship. There is a broken radio in the cockpit, but it looks repairable.


"The Dream of the Wolf welcomes all kids to get involved in our Adventure on the Ocean quest. Just ask at your nearest information kiosk. Are you ready for adventure?"
The tentative question echoed about the ship, as it seemed to be doing about every 15 minutes.
"I am actually a little busy right now, but maybe later thank you."
Can't let solitude stand in the way of my excellent wit. Or perhaps that should be: Stave off fear and despair by muttering sarcastic retorts to yourself.
I stared at a map of the ship, trying to work out exactly where I was trying to get to. The next step would be to work out how to get there.
"I think I need to have a word with the designer of this ship and whoever drew this map, as one of them needs a strong talking to."
The ship subtly groaned and rocked as waves crashed about it. Rain lashed about the window I was sitting at, looking out the rear (or, what is it, stern?) of the ship. An excellent 180-degree view from one of the many restaurants.
The map had a large greyed-out area towards the front of the ship, a few levels down from the top deck.
"I guess this must be the command-deck, or bridge, or whatever. That makes sense. Anyone working there, I would hope, wouldn't need a map to find it."
Now to find out how to get there. The issue I'd encountered prior, trying to navigate blindly, is that some of the corridors (it seems those that only have cabins along them) aren't illuminated at the moment, for whatever reason. Coupled with the very dark carpets, walls and ceilings -- this had struck me as odd when I first boarded -- my phone's flashlight makes them very hard to navigate, in addition to being terrifying as all hell (but I wasn't ready to admit that to myself just yet).

It had started as a seemingly odd coincidence when I stumbled out of my cabin to find no-one in the normally busy corridor outside my cabin.
"Perhaps I've just woken up at 3am for whatever reason," I thought to myself.
Sleeping in a cabin with no windows was cheaper, but certainly very odd. Turn the lights off in the middle of the day and there is absolutely no light, certainly something I'm not used to with my tissue-thin blinds back at home.
As I wandered further down the corridor, I had come upon an empty information kiosk.
"I guess every single one can't be manned 24 hours a day."
I came upon more and more empty areas: bars, restaurants, shops. These struck me as just an ever expanding coincidence of me just happening to not run into anyone.
I had thought a nice midnight stroll about the open deck might be nice. I could lie down somewhere and look for some shooting stars.
It was as the elevator approached that top deck that I first started to feel scared, as I could see light bleeding through the tiny gaps where the two doors met.
"Wow this spot must be getting blasted by some pretty powerful floodlights," I hoped.
As the doors opened, the sudden deluge of sunlight stopped me from breathing for a few moments. I just stood there, frozen, looking out at the sun-drenched, and deserted, main pool area.
The doors slowly closed and the elevator remained motionless, sunlight still bleeding in where it had flooded in moments earlier.
I stood there for what felt like minutes, when I suddenly got the shock of my life when the elevator started moving. I saw the sunlight move upwards towards the ceiling as the elevator descended. I watched, in true terror, as the numbers illuminated in descending order above the doors.
I looked about to see if there was a way out.
"Of course there is you idiot. The doors were just open a second ago. Why didn't you get out?"
Instead, my body's call to action was to hover, half squatting, in the back corner, arms splayed out either side of me, poised for … something? I guess?
The elevator slowed, and the light sat illuminated on "M". The mezzanine was the main "level" below deck, with a large 8-story-tall open area in the centre with a variety of shops, cafes and bars about the place. Above, three giant chandeliers -- one significantly larger than the other two -- sat in all their ridiculous glory, probably to distract from the ultimately boring void above.
The elevator stopped, and all was suddenly silent. The doors didn't open.
I remained there, frozen in my less-than-imposing position, waiting for either something to happen or for me to gather my own thoughts and decide on what to do.
Hesitantly, and with a tinge of embarrassment, I stood up straight and, with the sort of confidence I can only pretend to have, pushed the "M" button on the elevator panel.
A frighteningly loud DING preceded the doors whisking open, revealing the deserted mezzanine. Still intoxicated on my feigned confidence, I marched out of the elevator and before actually working out where I was going, I had marched up to an information kiosk. My eyes settled on a large foldable map of the ship. Actually, they first settled on a brochure advertising the surfable wave-pool on the top deck (there definitely wouldn't be an hour-long queue there now), but a more sensible internal voice prevailed, and sought out the map.
Suddenly, I kicked into action, grabbing a few maps, some pens and clearing off a table at the adjacent cafe.
"Ok so I guess it makes sense to check whether the ship's actually got someone at the helm. And I suppose there might be a radio or something that'll do better than my mobile phone in the middle of the ocean."
Then a thought crashed into me with the force of a ship crashing into an iceberg, and then this new terrifying thought took over from that thought for a moment.
"There aren't any icebergs in the Caribbean. I'm in the Caribbean, right? ...Yes; it's written on the side of the ship."
Now what was that prior thought again?
"WiFi!"
I knew my phone didn't have reception out here, but there was free wifi across the whole ship. How had it taken till now for me to remember this? I slapped about my pockets trying to find my phone, with speed and ferocity that would arouse any and all slap-dancing enthusiasts.
"Must have left it in my room. Where's my room again?"
I checked the keycard I'd just slap-located in my front-right pocket. Cabin 669. I looked over the map, still with a slight mental giggle over the "69" in my cabin number (it was only day 3, so some of the novelty was still there).
Deck 6, left (port, I think?) side corridor. Now where was I? Where's that handy YOU ARE HERE star on this map?
"Handheld maps with that feature only exist in the world of Harry Potter, you idiot," I unsympathetically reminded myself.
Moments away from the burdensome task of looking around me for a landmark, I noticed a logo for "Cafe di Bonata" on the table I was standing at.
"Wait, why am I standing? I'm surrounded by hundreds of empty chairs. If I'm scared and alone, I might as well be comfortable, scared and alone."
In the sort of coordination I share only with a select few professional athletes, I pulled a chair beneath me while looking about the map's index for Cafe di Bonata.
"C9. Here. And I have to get over here. Up the elevators, turn left, right at the end of the hallway and I'm at the corridor."
I folded the map up with a distant feeling of nostalgia -- how often do you find yourself folding and unfolding physical maps in the age of smartphones? Who even says "smartphone" anymore? It's just assumed that any phone now is "smart".
I turned about and headed towards the elevators. I could see, based on the displays above each set of doors, that trusty steed was still waiting for me. I pushed UP and the doors of a different elevator opened.
"It was nice while it lasted, old friend."
I entered, hit the button for Deck 6, and took a last look at the desolate cafes, restaurants and bars before the doors closed.
As I ascended, I could hear something new in addition to the surprisingly quiet whirring of the elevator motors and gears. It was a constant, deep sound. As the elevator came to a stop, this deep, distant sound continued.
"Maybe I just didn't notice it before? Whatever: one thing at a time."
My room, my phone, internet access, then … rescue I guess? Or answers?
The doors opened. This level was a lot less open than the mezzanine.
"Out of the elevator, left, then right at the end of the hallway."
I turned left and headed down the hallway. It seemed to get eerily darker the further along I headed. The end wall was visible only by the reflection on a polished sign. I stopped at the junction and had to squint to read the sign on the wall (I don't know if that really helps, but it is quite instinctual).
< 642-665
   667-689 >
"I guess religion got the better of them, and they thought it best to avoid 666."
Turning to the right, the darkness of the corridor descended into absolute black. There were no lights at all, or even light creeping in from any of the cabins. 
I could make out two doors in front of me, one to the left and one to the right. Working out the orientation of myself relative to the ship, and knowing I had a windowless cabin, I reasoned that 667 must be on my right, 668 on my left, and my 669 would be the door next to 667.
I stood for a moment, staring into the darkness, hoping my eyes would adjust. To my relief and surprise, it actually worked a little, though not as much as I'd have liked. As I stared into the void of black, I could faintly make out a handrail either side of the corridor. These ran about most of the ship as a means to both provide support in the case of rough seas and spread gastroenteritis-causing bacteria as quickly and efficiently as possible.
I stepped forward, reaching out with my right hand to grab the handrail. I stood there for another moment, tracing the handrail into the dark. I could only just make out where it ended. My left hand moved to my pocket to grab my keycard.
"Other pocket," I sighed, moving my hand awkwardly across to the opposite front pocket for the keycard. I didn't want to take my right hand off the rail. Something was stopping me. Rational or irrational, there was a fear that only grew as I stared further and further into the darkness in front of me.
Holding the keycard, I inched forward, trying to keep as silent as possible. I strained to hear something, anything, above the dull groaning of the ship. I persevered, sliding my hand along the rail and walking carefully behind. As my hand reached the end of the rail, it moved to the wall on which the handrail was attached, then across what must have been the door to cabin 667. I reached the other side of the door and fumbled about for the next rail.
My eyes hadn't moved from the absolute darkness in front of me. I could see some light on the walls either side of me in my peripherals, but I still stared directly in front of me, unsure if I wanted to actually see anything or not. The memories of too many horror films were thrashing about in my head now, and I was trying to distract myself from anything monster related.
In an effort to both distract myself from those thoughts and actually be productive in some way, I started thinking about what possible reason there could be as to why I seemed to be the only one left on the ship. Surely if there was some sort of disease, disaster, or (dare I even think to include in rational thought) monster, there would be some traces of something. Knocked over tables, dropped belongings, or even blood. I was not even sure what I would do, how I would react, if I suddenly stumbled upon any large amounts of blood.
Perhaps I'd been slipped something in drink or food, slept for several days, and the ship was now docked, having reached the end of its journey. Surely there would be cleaners working hard to ready the ship for the next batch of passengers. They would want as little turn-over time as possible. In fact, I thought, I imagine that may be when the ship's staff could be at their busiest.
No, the ship has been entirely evacuated. Maybe there's been a bomb scare or some other emergency that has required all passengers and crew to leave the ship simultaneously.
My hand, which until this point still hadn't located that next handrail, found it suddenly and unexpectedly. In my panicked state, my hand had been moving so frantically that I  had smacked the back on my knuckles on it, wincing audibly as I did so.
The almost-silence had been broken by the impact, and what seemed like a deafening sound echoed up and down the corridor.
In that moment, I realised I had, rationally or otherwise, been staring ahead this whole time as a lookout for anyone -- or anything -- that might be looking for anyone left on the ship. Although I had reasoned a moment earlier that the ship had likely been evacuated for something like a bomb scare, and thus anyone currently on the ship would be some kind of authority that would only have my best interests at heart, I nonetheless decided, in that moment, that I was instead being hunted by some kind of creature, and had now given my position away.
With surprising dexterity, my still sore hand grasped the handrail, I marched several steps forward, found the door, and inserted my keycard with the kind of accuracy that a credit-card wielding shop-a-holic would be proud of. The door unlocked, and a moment later I was in the room with the door fastened behind me.
Now there was no light whatsoever, save for a faint red light next to me that highlighted the main light switch. While in my mind it makes sense to save money on a cabin by going windowless (how long do you really spend in your room on a cruise ship?), I was, in this briefest of moments, somewhat regretting that decision. Were there a window here, I could at least get an idea of where the ship was. If I could only see some signs of life outside the ship -- people or boats moving about -- I couldn't help but think I would be immensely relieved.
Nonetheless, there were more pressing issues now.
"Let there be light," I muttered divinely as I flicked the light switch. The light flooded the room and eyes squinted painfully as they tried to adjust to the sudden change. As the room came into focus, my eyes found my phone, lying, almost posed, in the centre of the bed.
I reached for it, tentatively, almost expecting something to happen. It was one of those "It's quiet ... too quiet" sort of moments.
"What am I worried about? The only thing that can really go disasterously wrong now is that the battery is dead."
...Even for the non-supersticious, such as myself, there are moments, like this one, where it is against better judgement to push your luck.
"Why do I say things? Well I guess because I think the thing and then I'm saying what I'm thinking."
"CHECK THE FUCKING PHONE ALREADY."
This was the first under-my-breath muttering that I had spoken at a normal volume and I took myself by surprise, feeling sheepish amost as though someone else had just shouted at me.
I tapped the screen and, to great cheers and celebration, it illuminated.
"See? Not a thing to worry about. Oh what's this."
A question mark next to the WiFi symbol is not always a great sign. Casual troubleshooting kicked in and I disabled and then re-enabled WiFi.

