The cabin was larger than Taran was accustomed to, though this seemed to irritate him further.

"This is unnecessarily large." He said to the conductor.

"This is the only available room on the whole train, sir."

There wasn't even anything additional in the room other than space. Still the single couch (which would fold over to reveal the bed) and a single small table (which would fold away to make room for said bed) and two fold-away chairs (to put his feet up? Or perhaps to occasionally switch the direction of travel between forwards and backwards? Or in case the occupant was so outgoing as to have made a good friend on the train? It could only really be good "friend" anyway. The single beds were almost too small for just one person).

In the corner was a metal handle that would pull out a small personal toilet. How would that work with a good friend over? Would you ask them to step outside? Or perhaps they could return to their room and you could join them there once you were done with your expulsionary business.

The only difference between this and Taran's previous room (which had proved to be quite comfortable but on the wrong train, heading in the wrong direction), the only difference was a large space in the middle of the room, which really served no purpose, other than to reduce the number of cabins the train could fit.

"I guess this will have to do, then," Taran said with a mixed feeling of defeat and relief.

"Very well, sir. I shall have your bags brought over."

This would be another extravagent service Taran wouldn't require. Most people travelling on these trains were travelling with what seemed like their bodyweight in luggage. Taran instead carried just the one bag over his shoulder. Anything that didn't fit in that bag would get left behind.

"That won't be necessary," Taran said, turning to the conductor. Unfortunately, though, the conductor was long gone. Taran was alone in the hallway with his thoughts. His slow, meandering thoughts.

"Whoops. Talk then narrate, next time, Taran. Talk, then narrate."
