A man walks into a bar. But not what you might describe as a regular bar. It is a lesbian bar.

Not that this has any relevance to the story, but there is always a strange obligation to mention it.

What is relevant is that this bar is not currently trading. The bar's doors are locked. The bar is closed.

This man is a thief. He has broken in to the bar and is now stealing from it.

What he steals is curious. It is not money, or alcohol, or expensive electronics. He is stealing cushions, from bar stools, from couches, from the antique leather armchair in the upstairs pool room.

He carries them two or three at a time, as that is all he can reasonably carry, to a storage unit located a few blocks away.

The storage unit is not his. It is his mother's. She bought it decades ago to lock away her broken hopes and dreams. To hide them from the world, and from anyone who might come looking.

And in this storage unit, approximately the size of half a tennis court, by the light of a single 40-watt bulb, a man builds a pillow fort using cushions stolen from a lesbian bar just a few blocks away.

He is methodical in his technique, almost unnaturally skilled. He might be described by any normal person, like you or I, as an expert, if it appropriate to use that word to describe someone building a pillow fort in a dimly lit storage unit, approximately the size of half a tennis court.

He builds this fort not to protect himself from the sun or the weather, and not for the peace and solitude, although of that there is plenty.

He builds the fort because when he sits within it, he can hide from his mistakes and his demons. His regrets and his memories. Somehow, in a way he doesn't truly understand, his mistakes and his demons, his regrets and his memories, stay at arms length while he remains here.

He places the last pillow. A door, of sorts. A door that this man closes and hopes for it to remain that way. And in this dimly lit storage unit, approximately the size of half a tennis court, a man sits inside a pillow fort constructed from cushions stolen from a lesbian bar only a few blocks away.

And he finds himself. He reaches somewhere he has never before found.

He finds silence. He finds calm. He finds a feeling he has not felt since a distant, foggy memory.

In this memory he is young. He is very young. He is a child. He is attending the funeral of a father he never really knew.

He had never been in a cemetary before, and now he stood in an expansive forest of headstones. They stretched for as far as he could see.

He could feel a vague sense of sadness, but also calm and peace. The ceremony concluded and the mourners all left, except for him. His mother had forgotten about her child and left him alone in the cemetary where her distant husband had just been buried.

She had taken herself to the nearest bar, as that was her coping mechanism. Coincidentally, or perhaps not, it is the very bar that, in many years time, her son would rob of their cushions to build a pillow fort in her forgotten, dimly lit storage unit approximately the size of half a tennis court.

Not that his mother was a lesbian. That was not the reason for her and her late husband's broken relationship. As I mentioned, the bar being a lesbian bar has no relevance to the story. It was simply the nearest bar that an alcoholic mother found after burying her distant husband and leaving her child alone in a cemetary.

The child was not upset or scared, as a normal person, like you or I, might think he would be. He was fascinated. He was enthralled. He was smitten. He wandered the graves for hours upon hours. He read some of the engravings. Some were too old and worn to be read.

He found a woman that had lived to the age of 105. He found a boy who had lived only 3 days. He found a family of 5 that had all died on the same day. He found a 78-year-old man who had died 6 months after his 78-year-old wife.

He did not know it at the time, but this would be the most calm he would feel for years. Not for many a number of years. Not until he would construct a pillow fort from cushions stolen from a lesbian bar, in a dimly lit storage unit approximately the size of half a tennis court, and sit silently within it, for as long as his mind would allow him.